README.md, before:

<div id="table-of-contents">
<h2>Table of Contents</h2>
<div id="text-table-of-contents">
<ul>
<li><a href="#sec-1">Whale</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#sec-1-1">Downloads</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-1-2">Screenshots</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-1-3">Acknowledgments</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-1-4">Other Projects</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>


# Whale<a id="sec-1" name="sec-1"></a>

**Dodge eels and lobsters as they attempt to ruin your day in the sea.**

*Whale* is a 2D game I built in 9<sup>th</sup> grade that went unfinished.  Finally found the motivation to finish the score keeping and level generation.

## Downloads<a id="sec-1-1" name="sec-1-1"></a>

Latest releases for Android can be found [here](https://github.com/woofers/whale/releases).

## Screenshots<a id="sec-1-2" name="sec-1-2"></a>

![img](./screenshots/1.png "Title Screen")

![img](./screenshots/1.png "Screenshot 1")

![img](./screenshots/2.png "Screenshot 2")

![img](./screenshots/3.png "Screenshot 3")

![img](./screenshots/4.png "Screenshot 4")

## Acknowledgments<a id="sec-1-3" name="sec-1-3"></a>

-   **Font is** [Little Lord Fontleroy NF](http://www.1001fonts.com/littlelordfontleroy-font.html) **by** *Nick Curtis*

-   **Built using** [HaxeFlixel](http://haxeflixel.com/)

-   **Art by** *Avery Suzuki*

-   **Designed and Programed by** *Jaxson Van Doorn*

-   **Copyright 2014-2017**, *Jaxson Van Doorn and Avery Suzuki*

## Other Projects<a id="sec-1-4" name="sec-1-4"></a>

-   [Woofers3D](https://github.com/woofers/woofers3d)

-   [K9Krew](https://github.com/woofers/k9-krew)

-   [Dotfiles](https://github.com/woofers/dotfiles)

Commit message:

Added Play Store to README

README.md, after:

<div id="table-of-contents">
<h2>Table of Contents</h2>
<div id="text-table-of-contents">
<ul>
<li><a href="#sec-1">Whale</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#sec-1-1">Downloads</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-1-2">Screenshots</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-1-3">Acknowledgments</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-1-4">Other Projects</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>


# Whale<a id="sec-1" name="sec-1"></a>

**Dodge eels and lobsters as they attempt to ruin your day in the sea.**

*Whale* is a 2D game I built in 9<sup>th</sup> grade that went unfinished.  Finally found the motivation to finish the score keeping and level generation.

## Downloads<a id="sec-1-1" name="sec-1-1"></a>

Latest releases for Android can be found [here](https://github.com/woofers/whale/releases).

Can also be downloaded from [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jaxson.whale).

## Screenshots<a id="sec-1-2" name="sec-1-2"></a>

![img](./screenshots/1.png "Title Screen")

![img](./screenshots/1.png "Screenshot 1")

![img](./screenshots/2.png "Screenshot 2")

![img](./screenshots/3.png "Screenshot 3")

![img](./screenshots/4.png "Screenshot 4")

## Acknowledgments<a id="sec-1-3" name="sec-1-3"></a>

-   **Font is** [Little Lord Fontleroy NF](http://www.1001fonts.com/littlelordfontleroy-font.html) **by** *Nick Curtis*

-   **Built using** [HaxeFlixel](http://haxeflixel.com/)

-   **Art by** *Avery Suzuki*

-   **Designed and Programed by** *Jaxson Van Doorn*

-   **Copyright 2014-2017**, *Jaxson Van Doorn and Avery Suzuki*

## Other Projects<a id="sec-1-4" name="sec-1-4"></a>

-   [Woofers3D](https://github.com/woofers/woofers3d)

-   [K9Krew](https://github.com/woofers/k9-krew)

-   [Dotfiles](https://github.com/woofers/dotfiles)
